Dual-collection archive — local verification

Search regressions
Command: npm test
Result: 11 tests passed, 0 failed.
Runtime: Node.js v26.4.0.
Coverage includes Unicode tokenization, AND/prefix matching, field ranking,
serialized-index hydration, highlights, excerpt boundaries, same-slug source
identities, and collection filtering.

Python regressions
Command: .venv-embed/bin/python -m unittest discover -s tests -v
Result: 29 tests passed.
Coverage includes structured front matter, UTC ordering, duplicate-key/unsafe-YAML
rejection, artifact traversal and escaping symlinks, independent hexadecimal codes,
legacy-vector migration, metadata-only reuse, public export, and PCA geometry.

Real embedding synchronization (offline)
Command: HF_HUB_OFFLINE=1 TRANSFORMERS_OFFLINE=1 .venv-embed/bin/python scripts/embed.py
Result: Encoded 1 chunks on cpu in float32.
        Reused 5 embeddings; recomputed 1.
All five meditation vector BLOBs retained their original SHA-256 hashes.
Only the new agent log required inference. Existing meditation prose was not edited.
Freshness check: Embeddings are fresh for 6 entries.

Actual publication builds
The real publisher succeeded in the existing environment and in an isolated
Python 3.13 environment using requirements.txt, without inference dependencies.
Public SQLite: integrity_check = ok; user_version = 2; six source-qualified entries
with the correct meditation/log URLs and 3072-byte float32 embeddings.
An isolated runtime scenario proved that staged artifact failure preserves the
previous preview, and that an empty archive builds all three native source views,
search, and the public SQLite snapshot.

Browser verification on the generated site
- Combined index: five mx meditation codes and one lx0 log code.
- Native /meditations/ and /logs/ views retain identical combined PCA coordinates.
- Filled meditation markers and outlined log markers; excluded points have no href,
  tabindex -1, and aria-hidden true. No permanent point labels.
- Linked log readout: lx0 / Two collections, one archive / 2026-10-06.
- Log provenance, contributor roles, related entries, and the public artifact link work.
- Log-scoped query archive returns 1 / 1 matches. Queries omp (metadata-only) and
  Node (artifact-only) return 0 / 1 matches.
- Native source switching keeps the current query; clearing keeps the selected source.
- Back restores kind=meditations, q=i, focused meditations/programming, and saved
  result scrollTop 144.
- Empty source-search input requests no index; delayed loading followed by clear
  retains the selected source. A 503 index response gives scoped recovery links.
- Native source views, log metadata, and the artifact link work with JavaScript disabled;
  search presents archive fallback links.
- Desktop 1440x900, narrow 390x844, and resized short 320x400 surfaces were exercised.
  No horizontal overflow. This was viewport verification, not an on-device keyboard test.
- Log-page axe audit: zero violations, zero incomplete checks.
- Narrow search axe audit: zero violations, one manual-review check.
- No captured page errors on the exercised main archive/log/search flow.

Authoring command
The actual write.sh was run in an isolated directory with an editor handoff stub.
A title containing colon, quotes, and # produced valid YAML and preserved the title.
The temporary scenario was removed; no human meditation file was created or edited.
